Updates and cleanup for Running on Vermilion documentation (#527)
NREL/HPC: docs/Documentation/Systems/Vermilion/running.md

Reviewer: This looks really good. I went through and tested all the builds and scripts and had no issues.

My one thought is would we want an "## Examples: Run an application from a module" before "## Examples: Build and run simple applications"? Or is running on vermillion too environment dependent for that? I think many of our users never need to build applications and just want to run the modules we provide, so it might be nice to have a quick start sample script.

Alternatively, we could just add a callout box that says "see sample job scripts for vermillion below"

Reviewer 2: I'll merge this in but add an issue for Taylor's suggestion for discussion. 

https://github.com/NREL/HPC/issues/549

*This page discusses the compute nodes, partitions, and gives some examples of building and running applications.*

## About Vermilion

### Compute hosts

Vermilion is a collection of physical nodes with each regular node containing Dual AMD EPYC 7532 Rome CPUs.  However, each node is virtualized.  That is it is split up into virtual nodes with each virtual node having a portion of the cores and memory of the physical node.  Similar virtual nodes are then assigned slurm partitions as shown below.  

### Shared file systems

Vermilion's home directories are shared across all nodes.  There is also /scratch/$USER and /projects spaces seen across all nodes.

### Partitions

> Partitions are flexible and fluid on Vermilion.  A list of partitions can be found by running the `sinfo` command.  Here are the partitions as of 10/20/2022.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Partitions are flexible and fluid on Vermilion.  A list of partitions can be found by running the `sinfo` command.  Here are the partitions as of 11/10/2023.
```
